hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a supernatural horror film
called tombad be ready for some spoilers
ahead
in the beginning of the film we are
introduced to the goddess of prosperity
who has both unlimited food and gold
she also has a son named hastar
who she loved very much he tried to
steal both the food
and gold from the goddess but is
punished by the other gods
before they can destroy him however the
goddess
saves hastar but with one condition he
must forever
reside in her womb and never be
worshipped again
however after some time the people of
tombad began worshiping him once more
the reason being that his existence even
if it angers the gods
can bring the people great fortune we
see a woman
in red dress going into a huge mansion
she uses her female assets to satisfy
a very old man she wants the coin on the
half star statue
which belongs to the man but he refuses
claiming that she must earn it if she
were to acquire it
my thoughts are what exactly do you
think she is doing right now
joking aside though backing her home two
brothers
vinayak and sadashiv waits for the
woman's return
they're worried about feeding their
father's great-grandmother
which apparently is a very dangerous and
difficult task
according to their mother the old woman
must be also
fed while she's asleep or else bad
things are very
sure to happen with her feeding time
coming closer and closer
the older child forces his younger
brother to go
feed the old woman but is stopped right
in time by his mother
she scolds the boys and does defeating
herself
we get a glimpse of the old woman's feet
while the mother cuts her toenail
i can only say that she looked less
human and more like a monster
sometimes later the old man dies and the
mother decides to leave the city
her elder son wants to stay as he thinks
there must be treasure in the old man's
castle
but the mother explains that he searched
his entire life
for such rumored treasure and found
nothing
what's worse he wasted all his ancestral
wealth
and is left with nothing the mother also
decides to abandon the old woman when
they leave
since she is no longer their problem i
guess there is really no loyalty when
you date
a gold digger joking aside though their
plan
is put to hold when the younger son
falls down from a tree
and the mother is forced to rush him to
a doctor
the old woman must be fed by the elder
son now and the mother
warns him to call out half star's name
if something bad happens
the boy not being very bright is tricked
by the old monster and almost becomes
the dinner himself
luckily at the last second he remembered
the deity's name and called it out
the old woman falls asleep promptly upon
hearing the name
the mother returns and grieves in pain
as her younger son did not survive
although she managed to obtain a single
coin from her husband
the other son is not satisfied they
ultimately left this place
like the mother wanted but vinayak is
determined
to find the real treasure in the city of
tunbad
fifteen years later the son now a man
comes back to the house their family
used to live
he finds the old woman now looking more
like a tree has grown out of her
trapped in the room and unable to move
when they act demands to know the
secrets to the treasure
and promises to share half of it with
the old woman
however she did not care about gold at
all and simply wanted her suffering to
end
the old woman is cursed as a result of
trying to acquire the treasures
she cannot die and feels eternal hunger
no matter how much she eats
she shares the secret with our
protagonists on the condition
that he ends her suffering the man
eventually finds the treasure
with her guidance deep under the castle
through a waterless
wow he then delivers his promise by
burning the old woman
alive our main character quickly becomes
very wealthy and acquires
numerous material possessions he could
only dream of
in the past instead of owing his friend
money
now he becomes the loner vinayak
eventually also acquires a son with his
wife
and a maid who he gladly turned into his
concubine
his friend eventually becomes bankrupt
due to the politics of
india and becomes desperate to know
where veneyak
gets his treasure he goes to the castle
in the hopes of discovering the secrets
but is tricked by vaniac into climbing
down the well
unprepared the inside of the well is
truly frightening
as the walls pulses like they're alive a
low growling
can be heard and the friend is quickly
taken by hastar
after opening a container with a bread
man inside
our main protagonist climbs down a
little later finding his friend
merged into the wall and turned into a
monster similar to the old woman
from before clearly by touching the
deity the person becomes cursed
although vineyard is responsible for his
friend's predicament
he does not want to see him suffer and
burns him
out of mercy vineyard then demonstrates
how to acquire the treasure
by spraying a circle made out of flower
around himself
he then throws the bread man to distract
the deity and spills the pouch filled
with gold
he picks up as many gold pieces as
possible and climbs out of the well
before the monster can touch him
many years passes and the main character
is now full with grey hair
he's no longer a quick climber like
before and exhausts himself even during
practices
for this reason he is training his son
for the same climb
hoping eventually he can do what his
father did
the household has also undergone some
changes
the concubine seems to have risen above
the wife
and the wife is now serving the family
like a maid
viniak has also acquired two more
daughters
presumably with the concubine we also
see that it has been a while since the
main character has successfully stolen
any gold coins from hastar
which causes the concubine to complain a
great deal
it seems also viniak has told his family
about the secrets
to his wealth and we can see the wife
preparing bread mans for her husband
vinayak takes his son this time to the
well in tombad
and tries to expose him to the coin
stealing process
however this was only supposed to be a
practice run
where hastar was not supposed to show up
he teaches
the sun to draw a circle made out of
flower around them
and explains why it repels the deity
since hastar only managed to steal the
gold from the goddess
he craves food very much but he is also
cursed
to never touch raw flower so that he may
never steal again
to summon hastar they must offer him a
bread man
but the father claims that they don't
need to worry about this today
since it's only practice little did he
know his son
brought down a bread man anyways and the
deity gave both of them
a near-death experience luckily both of
them made it out
alive and the son even managed to steal
some gold coins
however the father is furious and beats
him repeatedly
to teach him a lesson after some tough
love
the father actually gave his son a gold
coin to reward him for doing such a good
job
little did he know though the son then
tries to use the same coin
to seduce his stepmother you can't
really blame him though
since it's probably what most 16 year
olds dream of
this is discovered by his father of
course and some disciplinary action took
place
as a result during their little skirmish
the sun
boldly suggests that they steal the gold
pouch from hastar
instead of just the coins they can make
multiple bread men which will buy them
enough time
the father is amazed at this suggestion
and they plan to go to tombat
for the last time since the pouch itself
contains unlimited gold coins
before they go however the father brings
the son to a brothel
to lose his record i miss the old days
when fathers actually did that
for their sons joking aside though they
arrived inside the well again
and this time they brought numerous
bread men however
when hazdar shows up we quickly see that
he duplicates himself
according to the amount of bread man
that they have brought
the father realizes that they are doomed
since it's almost impossible for them to
escape now
he devises a plan to lure all the half
stars on top of the flower circle
by climbing to the top of the well the
deities then drop
one by one and eventually all are
disposed of
clearing the way for his son whimpering
and crying
his son climbs out of the well but to
his horror
sees his father mutated into a monster
vineyard then holds out the gold pouch
towards his son
as he managed to steal it from the deity
however
his son no longer wants it anymore as he
sees what his father has become
he calls out half star's name to make
his father fall asleep
and burns him to put him out of his
misery
so what do you guys think about the
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my videos please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]
you